PROMPTS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md, before:

# Quick Reference - Copy/Paste Prompts

## SHOT 1: ✅ COMPLETED
File: `shot-1-the-repeat.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 2: "THE NOTICE" (Eyes Close-up)

```
extreme close-up macro shot of Asian male's eyes, intense focused expression, dark brown eyes widening in realization moment, dilated pupils, eyebrows slightly furrowed in confusion and understanding, dramatic side lighting creating depth, reflection of movement visible in iris, shallow depth of field f/1.4, blurred white minimalist background, hyper-realistic skin texture and detail, shot on ARRI Alexa with Zeiss Macro 100mm lens, professional color grading with cool desaturated cyan tones, cinematic film still, 8K detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-2-the-notice.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 3: "THE TEST" (Wide Dodge)

```
cinematic wide shot martial arts choreography, ultra minimalist white dojo with geometric doorways and glossy reflective floor, athletic Asian male in white compression shirt and tactical pants perfectly dodging spinning back kick, opponent in full black tactical gear with helmet mid-kick with motion blur, protagonist crystal clear and balanced in defensive position, dynamic action pose, volumetric overhead lighting, spatial separation between fighters, shot on ARRI Alexa 65 with Zeiss Supreme Prime 24mm lens, professional action movie cinematography, desaturated color grading with cyan highlights, photorealistic 8K --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-3-the-test.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 4: "THE COUNTER" (Impact)

```
dynamic martial arts impact moment, Asian fighter in white compression shirt delivering powerful palm strike to opponent's chest, intense action shot captured at moment of contact, opponent in black tactical armor reacting to hit, motion lines suggesting force, modern white minimalist dojo background, dramatic lighting with volumetric rays, shot from dynamic 45-degree angle, cinematic action photography, shot on ARRI Alexa with high shutter speed 1/1000, professional color grading, photorealistic detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-4-the-counter.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 5: "THE BREAK" (Glitch - Money Shot)

**Option A - With VFX:**
```
sci-fi cyberpunk glitch scene, opponent in black tactical gear frozen mid-air surrounded by digital scan lines and wireframe overlays, white minimalist dojo environment dissolving into electric blue neon digital grid, holographic glitch artifacts and data streams, Asian fighter in white outfit stepping back with shocked expression, cinematic lighting mixing practical white overhead lights with blue cyberpunk neon glow, hyper-realistic meets digital art aesthetic, shot on ARRI Alexa, professional color grading, Tron Legacy meets Matrix visual style, 8K photorealistic with VFX elements --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Option B - Clean (Add VFX in post - RECOMMENDED):**
```
dramatic moment of opponent frozen mid-air in attack pose, black tactical fighter suspended impossibly in white minimalist dojo, Asian protagonist in white gear stepping backward in shock and realization, hands raised defensively, surreal sci-fi atmosphere, volumetric lighting with subtle blue accent lighting beginning to appear, cinematic suspension of physics, shot on ARRI Alexa with anamorphic lens for epic feel, professional color grade transitioning from cool white to cyan blue --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-5-the-break.jpeg`

**Recommendation:** Try Option B first. Easier for AI, add heavy glitch in DaVinci.

---

## SHOT 6: "THE REVEAL" (VR Lab)

```
cinematic wide shot reveal, athletic Asian male in black VR haptic motion capture suit and headset standing in futuristic tech lab, removing VR headset with both hands pulling upward, sweaty and exhausted expression, realistic motion capture studio with blue LED strip lighting, multiple computer monitors showing "AI TRAINING COMPLETE" interface text, tracking cameras and cable rigging visible, dark gray tech environment contrasting with bright screens, professional cinematic lighting, shot on ARRI Alexa with Zeiss Supreme 35mm lens, depth of field with screens in focus, moody sci-fi color grading, photorealistic 8K detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-6-the-reveal.jpeg`

---

## GENERATION CHECKLIST

- [ ] Shot 2: Eyes close-up
- [ ] Shot 3: Wide dodge
- [ ] Shot 4: Impact strike
- [ ] Shot 5: Glitch/frozen opponent
- [ ] Shot 6: VR lab reveal

**For each shot:**
1. Copy prompt → Paste in Midjourney
2. Generate 4 variations
3. Pick best (character consistency + composition)
4. Upscale (U1/U2/U3/U4)
5. Download → Save to `/Users/uni/higgsfield-contest/hero-frames/`
6. Check off list above

---

## IF CHARACTER FACE CHANGES

Add this to remaining prompts:
```
--cref [URL of shot-1-the-repeat.jpeg] --cw 75
```

Or describe face more:
```
same Asian male from previous shot, short dark hair, strong jawline, clean-shaven, age 28-32
```

---

## TARGET: 5 shots generated by end of today

Start with **Shot 2** (fastest). Show me results and we'll adjust if needed.

Commit message:

Add split Shot 3 hero frame prompts for wind-up and dodge sub-clips
New SHOT_3_HERO_FRAME_PROMPTS.md with:
- Frame 3A (wind-up): opponent pivoting, protagonist reading the move
- Frame 3B (dodge): kick extended, protagonist leaning back
- Side kick fallback if spinning kick fails
- Generation order guidance (3B first, it's the key frame)
- Kling chaining workflow instructions

Updated PROMPTS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md and HERO_FRAMES_PROMPTS_ALL.md
to reference the split approach.

https://claude.ai/code/session_01RKhupE6ohoPRRiupt6Je6r

PROMPTS_QUICK_REFERENCE.md, after:

# Quick Reference - Copy/Paste Prompts

## SHOT 1: ✅ COMPLETED
File: `shot-1-the-repeat.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 2: "THE NOTICE" (Eyes Close-up)

```
extreme close-up macro shot of Asian male's eyes, intense focused expression, dark brown eyes widening in realization moment, dilated pupils, eyebrows slightly furrowed in confusion and understanding, dramatic side lighting creating depth, reflection of movement visible in iris, shallow depth of field f/1.4, blurred white minimalist background, hyper-realistic skin texture and detail, shot on ARRI Alexa with Zeiss Macro 100mm lens, professional color grading with cool desaturated cyan tones, cinematic film still, 8K detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-2-the-notice.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 3: "THE TEST" (Split Into 2 Sub-Clips)

**See `SHOT_3_HERO_FRAME_PROMPTS.md` for full details and alternatives.**

### Frame 3A: Wind-Up (generate second)
```
cinematic wide shot martial arts sparring, ultra minimalist white dojo with geometric doorways and glossy reflective floor, opponent in full black tactical gear with helmet planting front foot and beginning hip rotation to the left with shoulders turning away, early phase of spinning kick wind-up, weight shifting onto front leg, athletic Asian male in white compression shirt and tactical pants standing in relaxed defensive stance on the left side watching opponent's movement with knowing expression, spatial gap between fighters, volumetric overhead lighting, low camera angle emphasizing power, shot on ARRI Alexa 65 with Zeiss Supreme Prime 24mm lens, professional action movie cinematography, desaturated color grading with cyan highlights, photorealistic 8K --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```
**Save as:** `shot-3a-windup.jpeg`

### Frame 3B: Dodge (generate first -- this is the key frame)
```
cinematic wide shot martial arts dodge moment, ultra minimalist white dojo with geometric doorways and glossy reflective floor, opponent in full black tactical gear with helmet executing powerful spinning back kick with rear leg fully extended horizontally at chest height, heavy motion blur on kicking leg, athletic Asian male in white compression shirt and tactical pants leaning torso backward narrowly avoiding the kick with inches to spare, protagonist crystal clear and in sharp focus while attacker has motion blur, dynamic tension between fighters, the kick sweeping just past the protagonist's chest, volumetric overhead lighting with dramatic shadows, low camera angle, shot on ARRI Alexa 65 with Zeiss Supreme Prime 24mm lens, professional action movie cinematography like John Wick, desaturated color grading with cyan highlights, photorealistic 8K --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```
**Save as:** `shot-3b-dodge.jpeg`

### If spinning kick looks wrong, use this side kick version instead:
```
cinematic wide shot martial arts dodge, ultra minimalist white dojo with geometric doorways and glossy reflective floor, opponent in full black tactical gear executing powerful side kick with leg extended horizontally toward protagonist at chest height, heavy motion blur on kicking leg, athletic Asian male in white compression shirt and tactical pants leaning backward gracefully avoiding the kick by inches, protagonist sharp and in focus with composed expression, attacker blurred from speed, dramatic near-miss moment, volumetric overhead lighting, low angle cinematic composition, shot on ARRI Alexa 65 with 24mm lens, professional action movie lighting, desaturated color grading with cyan highlights, photorealistic 8K --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

---

## SHOT 4: "THE COUNTER" (Impact)

```
dynamic martial arts impact moment, Asian fighter in white compression shirt delivering powerful palm strike to opponent's chest, intense action shot captured at moment of contact, opponent in black tactical armor reacting to hit, motion lines suggesting force, modern white minimalist dojo background, dramatic lighting with volumetric rays, shot from dynamic 45-degree angle, cinematic action photography, shot on ARRI Alexa with high shutter speed 1/1000, professional color grading, photorealistic detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-4-the-counter.jpeg`

---

## SHOT 5: "THE BREAK" (Glitch - Money Shot)

**Option A - With VFX:**
```
sci-fi cyberpunk glitch scene, opponent in black tactical gear frozen mid-air surrounded by digital scan lines and wireframe overlays, white minimalist dojo environment dissolving into electric blue neon digital grid, holographic glitch artifacts and data streams, Asian fighter in white outfit stepping back with shocked expression, cinematic lighting mixing practical white overhead lights with blue cyberpunk neon glow, hyper-realistic meets digital art aesthetic, shot on ARRI Alexa, professional color grading, Tron Legacy meets Matrix visual style, 8K photorealistic with VFX elements --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Option B - Clean (Add VFX in post - RECOMMENDED):**
```
dramatic moment of opponent frozen mid-air in attack pose, black tactical fighter suspended impossibly in white minimalist dojo, Asian protagonist in white gear stepping backward in shock and realization, hands raised defensively, surreal sci-fi atmosphere, volumetric lighting with subtle blue accent lighting beginning to appear, cinematic suspension of physics, shot on ARRI Alexa with anamorphic lens for epic feel, professional color grade transitioning from cool white to cyan blue --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-5-the-break.jpeg`

**Recommendation:** Try Option B first. Easier for AI, add heavy glitch in DaVinci.

---

## SHOT 6: "THE REVEAL" (VR Lab)

```
cinematic wide shot reveal, athletic Asian male in black VR haptic motion capture suit and headset standing in futuristic tech lab, removing VR headset with both hands pulling upward, sweaty and exhausted expression, realistic motion capture studio with blue LED strip lighting, multiple computer monitors showing "AI TRAINING COMPLETE" interface text, tracking cameras and cable rigging visible, dark gray tech environment contrasting with bright screens, professional cinematic lighting, shot on ARRI Alexa with Zeiss Supreme 35mm lens, depth of field with screens in focus, moody sci-fi color grading, photorealistic 8K detail --ar 9:16 --style raw --v 6.1 --q 2
```

**Save as:** `shot-6-the-reveal.jpeg`

---

## GENERATION CHECKLIST

- [ ] Shot 2: Eyes close-up
- [ ] Shot 3: Wide dodge
- [ ] Shot 4: Impact strike
- [ ] Shot 5: Glitch/frozen opponent
- [ ] Shot 6: VR lab reveal

**For each shot:**
1. Copy prompt → Paste in Midjourney
2. Generate 4 variations
3. Pick best (character consistency + composition)
4. Upscale (U1/U2/U3/U4)
5. Download → Save to `/Users/uni/higgsfield-contest/hero-frames/`
6. Check off list above

---

## IF CHARACTER FACE CHANGES

Add this to remaining prompts:
```
--cref [URL of shot-1-the-repeat.jpeg] --cw 75
```

Or describe face more:
```
same Asian male from previous shot, short dark hair, strong jawline, clean-shaven, age 28-32
```

---

## TARGET: 5 shots generated by end of today

Start with **Shot 2** (fastest). Show me results and we'll adjust if needed.
